hello Pam here so you've been promoted
to management for the first time in this
video you'll learn how to prepare
yourself as a successful first line
manager so you can pave the way to
become a rock star for your next
promotion all right if you like the
video please subscribe and liked that
would really really mean a lot to me
seriously so the first thing you should
do after your manager handing you the
promotion is to go out and celebrate
with your loved one that's major
Milestone all right pop the champagne
have a wonderful meal that's the first
thing you should
do the next thing is to think
through what you can do or should do to
be
successful I have work with many
firstline managers I always tell them to
approach your new promotion like the US
president after the
inauguration craft your 100 day
plan so what does your first 100 days
look like based on my experience of
coaching and being a manager myself you
can tackle your first 100 days in four
area
people
processes plan and goals skills so let's
talk about all four of
them
people first you should meet your direct
manager get as much Intel as
possible understand the expectation
about you and your team this expectation
along with the company's business
objectives and revenue Target should
serve as a baseline for crafting your
plan please get the list of the people
from your direct manager that you should
meet so you should ask who are your
direct staff and team members who are
the internal stakeholders who are
external agencies vendors and
contractors that you should be aware of
basically you should gather a list of
people who are relevant for you to do
your job and who will help you make you
successful at what you
do based on my past experience talking
to different people inside and outside
the company can help you ramble fast it
is a great way to get yourself educated
by talking to
people processes as a firstline manager
the next things I want to know is where
the money is you should follow the
money or if I have any money to manage
that's kind of important so what are my
spending guidelines who approves the
Po's you need to know that knowing the
budget planning and the PO process is
super
important it can get you to work with
your vendors agency to get a head start
on key deliverables to show immediate
impact based on your team and your job
scope you want to understand the
processes for marketing campaigns as
well as which marketing channels the
company
uses this includes the current MX Stacks
working with it marketing operations
Etc you also should know about the
communication processes with agencies
vendors and peers there got to be some
sort of things being set up you kind of
just follow if they don't well start one
now you know people and
processes that leads to
meetings knowing what meetings you
should go to or get invited is also very
important you'll be able to find this
information by talking to your direct
manager staff and your internal
stakeholders direct managers will tell
you which meeting that you should attend
and your internal stakeholders may also
invite you to various meetings it is
cush show that you host weekly or by
week weekly staff meetings to do Pass
Downs from Top management or review the
status of various
projects attending meetings and talking
to people trust me are a great way to
get yourself up to speed lastly plan and
goals once I know the L of land you know
for people processes and
meetings and you have
read all the relevant documents M
mentations or literatures about the
companies or the marketing efforts you
can start putting your 100 day plan
together if your directag manager
created overall plann you can study and
see which can provide value ad which one
you can provide value ad as well as
determine what your team's deliverables
and contribution would be using existing
plan as a baseline to create your own
plan if your a direct manager didn't
have any plan that's okay you can look
at the company objectives and revenue
Target to determine how you and your
team can help create your plan based on
that make the best possible efforts to
create a preliminary plan in the first
six to eight weeks crafting your plan
based on your understanding of talking
to different people meeting people
processes and also the information that
you have gathered
share your plan with your direct manager
internal stakeholders and direct reports
to get
feedback the last things you want to do
when you are working so hard time just
flies by so it's time to share your 100
day report out great when you approach
the 100 day Mark make an effort to do a
quick report out with your direct
manager team members and internal
stakeholders let them know what you have
done as well as what you are planning to
do in the next 100 days so continue to
learn on the job and consistently seek
feedback from your staff peers internal
stakeholders and your direct manager no
one I mean no one was born a good
manager but if you work to intentionally
learn and Hing your skills knowledge and
ability to lead you can become a great
one you got that
if you are worried about anything feel
free to drop me a line I'd love to help
you succeed and move up that cobr letter
take care bye